will we ever be able to teleport every
science fiction buff has wandered will
we ever be able to teleport in films
teleportation is normally portrayed in
the following way Alice steps into some
sort of teleportation pod
she's broken down into tiny fragments
and those are sent across to her final
destination where her fragments are
reassembled we have not found a way to
do this however scientists have found an
alternative called quantum teleportation
a phenomenon called quantum entanglement
between two particles connects them in
such a way that when the property or
rather quantum state of one particle is
changed and instantaneous and opposite
change in the quantum state of the other
particle occurs so if we have a set of
entangled particles particle a and B
simply by knowing the quantum state of
one particle we know the quantum state
of the other this ability to know the
quantum state of particles using quantum
entanglement have allowed scientists to
teleport particles here's how it works
two particles are entangled and
separated by a large distance a third
particle particle T is brought in and
this is a particle that we want to
teleport particle T interacts with
particle a and we learn how the quantum
state of particle t relates to particle
a this information is then sent across
to a particle B is kept as particle a
and B are entangled this information
about how the quantum state of particle
t relates to particle a will also reveal
how the quantum state of particle t
relates to particle B particle Z will
then be manipulated to replicate the
quantum state of particle T becoming an
exact copy of particle T meanwhile the
original particle T is destroyed as its
information was extracted and sent
across so if we can do this for one
particle and humans are after all made
up of nothing but particles will we
eventually be doing this with humans
well a single human being contains a
huge amount of particles the number
would have 28 zeros behind it that would
mean an immense amount of data would
need to be transferred
for human teleportation transferring
this amount of data using the means we
have today would take upwards of a
quadrillion years at the same time it
opens up a philosophical debate of
whether particle T is actually particle
T or precise copy of particle T imagine
that human quantum teleportation became
a reality say Alice wants to travel from
London to Tokyo two chambers of integral
particles would be in each city Alice
would step into a scanning device and
the quantum state of each individual
particle would be measured in relation
to the chamber of particles in London
this information would be relayed to
Tokyo and there the chamber of particles
would be manipulated to replicate the
quantum state of each of Alice's
individual particles creating an exact
replica of Alice meanwhile the original
alice in london has been destroyed the
question is as the original Alice dies
in the process of teleportation but it's
reconstructed at her destination in
Tokyo is the final Alice still Alice
Tokyo Alice is identical to the last
awesome as the London Alice and is in
full possession of London Alice's
knowledge experience and memories and
Tokyo Alice even believes she is the
London Alice while the original London
Alice no longer exists to debate the
issue with her it's a philosophical and
ethical dilemma but it may not be one
that we will ever need to face as we
have discussed human teleportation would
be extremely difficult and although
theoretically it is not impossible it is
improbable as always we hope you enjoyed
this video and make sure to subscribe to
London City go for more informative and
interesting videos thanks for stopping
by and supporting our channel and we'll
see you next time